Home Page
  Pic of AVES logo with Sycamore Robots Topic and Read About Me button
FTC
  FTC:First Tech Challenge
  Mission
    ​The mission of FIRST is to inspire young people to be science and technology leaders, by engaging them in exciting Mentor-based programs that build science, engineering, and technology skills, that inspire innovation, and that foster well-rounded life capabilities including self-confidence, communication, and leadership.
  Vision
    ​"To transform our culture by creating a world where science and technology are celebrated and where young people dream of becoming science and technology leaders."  Dean Kamen, Founder
Methodology
Engage kids in kindergarten through high school in exciting, Mentor-based, research and robotics programs that help them become science and technology leaders, as well as well-rounded contributors to society.

Founder
Dean Kamen is a prolific inventor, entrepreneur, and tireless advocate for science and technology. His passion and determination to help young people discover the excitement and rewards of science and technology are the cornerstones of FIRST. For over 25 years, Kamen has resolutely led the growth of FIRST to where it is now universally recognized as the leading, not-for-profit STEM engagement program for kids worldwide.​

About FIRST
FIRST (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology) was founded in 1989 to inspire young people's interest and participation in science and technology. Based in Manchester, NH, the 501(c)(3) not-for-profit public charity designs accessible, innovative programs that motivate young people to pursue education and career opportunities in science, technology, engineering, and math, while building self-confidence, knowledge, and life skills.
FIRST is More Than Robots. FIRST participation is proven to encourage students to pursue education and careers in STEM-related fields, inspire them to become leaders and innovators, and enhance their 21 st century work-life skills. Read more about the Impact of FIRST.
 Picture
 
 
 Our Sponsers Tab
  Our Sponsors.

  We are looking for Sponsors to be advertised on our T-Shirts, Website, Robot, Tool Case, and Poster. 
  Email avesablaze@gmail.com if you are interested.
  Contact Me Button
  Pic of Sponser
More tab
  Calander
  About Aves Ablaze
    About Us.

Welcome to Sycamore Robotics. We are a Rookie FTC team founded only last year. We are a student lead, residing at Sycamore High School. We are a diverse group of people who love building robots, programming robots, and competing as a team. 

WHO ARE WE?

We are FTC Team #12056 Aves Ablaze
​
Our Team Leaders:

Adam Harrison Pelberg - Co-Founder + Team President

Nick Raymond McDonugh - Co-Founder + Programming Department Head

Aidan Joseph Reckamp - Engineering Department Head
​
Quinn Patrick Rile - Strategy Department Head
EXPERIENCE / SKILLS

Robot Design + Robot Construction + Robot Programming + Team Managment
AWARDS / RECOGNITION

Newcomers Award- Loveland High School Scrimmage- 2017
​Judges Award- Cincinnati Regional Qualifier- 2017.
 Picture
Contact
  Get in Touch.

If you would like to get in touch, the best way to reach us is emailing at avesablaze@gmail.com.

Or, call us 1-513-257-7011
         - make sure to leave you name, number, and your message!
Our Gallery
Team Resources
Team Email: avesablaze@gmail.com

Team Twitter: @SycamoreRobotics

Team Instagram: @_sycamorerobotics_

Team Schedule: ​Go to "Calendar Tab"

Programmer's GitHub:  (Coming Soon)

All Sponsorship Ideas: Text Quinn @ 1-513-257-7011 or shoot an email to avesablaze@gmail.com

Special Thanks to: Sycamore Community Schools, Mrs. Pelberg, Mr. Mel Hoffert, and Mr. Doug Mader
